NAME                                                   ROLE                                                               AGE
cluster-admin                                          ClusterRole/cluster-admin                                          20h
system:monitoring                                      ClusterRole/system:monitoring                                      20h
system:discovery                                       ClusterRole/system:discovery                                       20h
system:basic-user                                      ClusterRole/system:basic-user                                      20h
system:public-info-viewer                              ClusterRole/system:public-info-viewer                              20h
system:node-proxier                                    ClusterRole/system:node-proxier                                    20h
system:kube-controller-manager                         ClusterRole/system:kube-controller-manager                         20h
system:kube-dns                                        ClusterRole/system:kube-dns                                        20h
system:kube-scheduler                                  ClusterRole/system:kube-scheduler                                  20h
system:volume-scheduler                                ClusterRole/system:volume-scheduler                                20h
system:node                                            ClusterRole/system:node                                            20h
system:service-account-issuer-discovery                ClusterRole/system:service-account-issuer-discovery                20h
system:controller:attachdetach-controller              ClusterRole/system:controller:attachdetach-controller              20h
system:controller:clusterrole-aggregation-controller   ClusterRole/system:controller:clusterrole-aggregation-controller   20h
system:controller:cronjob-controller                   ClusterRole/system:controller:cronjob-controller                   20h
system:controller:daemon-set-controller                ClusterRole/system:controller:daemon-set-controller                20h
system:controller:deployment-controller                ClusterRole/system:controller:deployment-controller                20h
system:controller:disruption-controller                ClusterRole/system:controller:disruption-controller                20h
system:controller:endpoint-controller                  ClusterRole/system:controller:endpoint-controller                  20h
system:controller:endpointslice-controller             ClusterRole/system:controller:endpointslice-controller             20h
system:controller:endpointslicemirroring-controller    ClusterRole/system:controller:endpointslicemirroring-controller    20h
system:controller:expand-controller                    ClusterRole/system:controller:expand-controller                    20h
system:controller:ephemeral-volume-controller          ClusterRole/system:controller:ephemeral-volume-controller          20h
system:controller:generic-garbage-collector            ClusterRole/system:controller:generic-garbage-collector            20h
system:controller:horizontal-pod-autoscaler            ClusterRole/system:controller:horizontal-pod-autoscaler            20h
system:controller:job-controller                       ClusterRole/system:controller:job-controller                       20h
system:controller:namespace-controller                 ClusterRole/system:controller:namespace-controller                 20h
system:controller:node-controller                      ClusterRole/system:controller:node-controller                      20h
system:controller:persistent-volume-binder             ClusterRole/system:controller:persistent-volume-binder             20h
system:controller:pod-garbage-collector                ClusterRole/system:controller:pod-garbage-collector                20h
system:controller:replicaset-controller                ClusterRole/system:controller:replicaset-controller                20h
system:controller:replication-controller               ClusterRole/system:controller:replication-controller               20h
system:controller:resourcequota-controller             ClusterRole/system:controller:resourcequota-controller             20h
system:controller:route-controller                     ClusterRole/system:controller:route-controller                     20h
system:controller:service-account-controller           ClusterRole/system:controller:service-account-controller           20h
system:controller:service-controller                   ClusterRole/system:controller:service-controller                   20h
system:controller:statefulset-controller               ClusterRole/system:controller:statefulset-controller               20h
system:controller:ttl-controller                       ClusterRole/system:controller:ttl-controller                       20h
system:controller:certificate-controller               ClusterRole/system:controller:certificate-controller               20h
system:controller:pvc-protection-controller            ClusterRole/system:controller:pvc-protection-controller            20h
system:controller:pv-protection-controller             ClusterRole/system:controller:pv-protection-controller             20h
system:controller:ttl-after-finished-controller        ClusterRole/system:controller:ttl-after-finished-controller        20h
system:controller:root-ca-cert-publisher               ClusterRole/system:controller:root-ca-cert-publisher               20h
k3s-cloud-controller-manager                           ClusterRole/k3s-cloud-controller-manager                           20h
k3s-cloud-controller-manager-auth-delegator            ClusterRole/system:auth-delegator                                  20h
system:coredns                                         ClusterRole/system:coredns                                         20h
local-path-provisioner-bind                            ClusterRole/local-path-provisioner-role                            20h
clustercidrs-node                                      ClusterRole/clustercidrs-node                                      20h
kube-apiserver-kubelet-admin                           ClusterRole/system:kubelet-api-admin                               20h
system:k3s-controller                                  ClusterRole/system:k3s-controller                                  20h
reloader-reloader-role-binding                         ClusterRole/reloader-reloader-role                                 20h
vector                                                 ClusterRole/vector                                                 20h
k8s-event-logger                                       ClusterRole/k8s-event-logger                                       20h
postgres-operator                                      ClusterRole/postgres-operator                                      20h
postgres-operator-ui                                   ClusterRole/postgres-operator-ui                                   20h
reflector                                              ClusterRole/reflector                                              20h
prometheus-k8s                                         ClusterRole/prometheus-k8s                                         20h
metrics-server:system:auth-delegator                   ClusterRole/system:auth-delegator                                  20h
system:metrics-server                                  ClusterRole/system:metrics-server                                  20h
ingress-nginx                                          ClusterRole/ingress-nginx                                          20h
argo-rollouts                                          ClusterRole/argo-rollouts                                          20h
loki-clusterrolebinding                                ClusterRole/loki-clusterrole                                       20h
kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus                       ClusterRole/kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus                       20h
kube-prometheus-stack-grafana-clusterrolebinding       ClusterRole/kube-prometheus-stack-grafana-clusterrole              20h
kube-prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics               ClusterRole/kube-prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics               20h
kube-prometheus-stack-operator                         ClusterRole/kube-prometheus-stack-operator                         20h
cert-manager-controller-orders                         ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-orders                         3h28m
cert-manager-controller-issuers                        ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-issuers                        3h28m
cert-manager-cainjector                                ClusterRole/cert-manager-cainjector                                3h28m
cert-manager-webhook:subjectaccessreviews              ClusterRole/cert-manager-webhook:subjectaccessreviews              3h28m
cert-manager-controller-approve:cert-manager-io        ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-approve:cert-manager-io        3h28m
cert-manager-controller-challenges                     ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-challenges                     3h28m
cert-manager-controller-clusterissuers                 ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-clusterissuers                 3h28m
cert-manager-controller-certificatesigningrequests     ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-certificatesigningrequests     3h28m
cert-manager-controller-certificates                   ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-certificates                   3h28m
cert-manager-controller-ingress-shim                   ClusterRole/cert-manager-controller-ingress-shim                   3h28m
argocd-application-controller                          ClusterRole/argocd-application-controller                          20h
argocd-server                                          ClusterRole/argocd-server                                          20h
