NAMESPACE    NAME                                                              AGE
logging      loki-loki-alerts                                                  20h
logging      loki-loki-rules                                                   20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-alertmanager.rules                          20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-config-reloaders                            20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-etcd                                        20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-general.rules                               20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-kube-apiserver-slos                         20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-kube-apiserver-availability.rules           20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-kube-apiserver-histogram.rules              20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-k8s.rules.container-cpu-usage-seconds-tot   5h38m
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-k8s.rules.container-resource                5h38m
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-k8s.rules.container-memory-rss              5h38m
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-k8s.rules.container-memory-swap             5h38m
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-k8s.rules.container-memory-cache            5h38m
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-kube-prometheus-node-recording.rules        20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-kube-prometheus-general.rules               20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics                          20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-kube-scheduler.rules                        20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-node.rules                                  20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-kubelet.rules                               20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-kubernetes-system-apiserver                 20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-kubernetes-system                           20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-node-network                                20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-kubernetes-system-controller-manager        20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-kubernetes-system-scheduler                 20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-kubernetes-system-kubelet                   20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-kubernetes-system-kube-proxy                20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-kubernetes-storage                          20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-node-exporter.rules                         20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-node-exporter                               20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-kubernetes-apps                             20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-kubernetes-resources                        20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus                                  20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-operator                         20h
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-k8s.rules.pod-owner                         5h36m
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-k8s.rules.container-memory-working-set-by   5h36m
monitoring   kube-prometheus-stack-kube-apiserver-burnrate.rules               20h
