NAMESPACE      NAME                                             AGE
monitoring     argocd-repo-server-metrics                       20h
monitoring     argocd-metrics                                   20h
monitoring     argocd-notifications-controller-metrics          20h
monitoring     argocd-server-metrics                            20h
kube-system    ingress-nginx-controller                         20h
logging        loki                                             20h
kube-system    metrics-server                                   20h
logging        loki-minio                                       3h34m
cert-manager   cert-manager                                     3h28m
monitoring     kube-prometheus-stack-alertmanager               20h
monitoring     kube-prometheus-stack-apiserver                  20h
monitoring     kube-prometheus-stack-coredns                    20h
monitoring     kube-prometheus-stack-grafana                    20h
monitoring     kube-prometheus-stack-kube-etcd                  20h
monitoring     kube-prometheus-stack-kube-controller-manager    20h
monitoring     kube-prometheus-stack-kube-proxy                 20h
monitoring     kube-prometheus-stack-kube-scheduler             20h
monitoring     kube-prometheus-stack-kube-state-metrics         20h
monitoring     kube-prometheus-stack-kubelet                    20h
monitoring     kube-prometheus-stack-operator                   20h
monitoring     kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus                 20h
monitoring     kube-prometheus-stack-prometheus-node-exporter   20h
